Understand the various types of cables used in today’s networks. 
Coaxial (other than for
cable modems) is rarely used, but twisted-pair and fiber-optic cable are very common in
today’s networks.
Understand the various types of ends that are used on each type of cable.
Coax usesBNC; twisted-pair uses RJ-11 for voice and RJ-45 for data; and fiber uses various ends,
depending on its use.
Describe the various types of media converters that are available. 
These include singlemode fiber to Ethernet, multimode fiber to Ethernet, fiber to coaxial, and single-mode to
multimode fiber.
Understand what a T568A to T568A cable is.
A T568A to T568A cable is also known as
an Ethernet straight-through cable and is used to connect hosts to switches, for example.
Understand what a T568A to T568B cable is. A T568A to T568B cable is also known as
an Ethernet crossover cable and is used to connect switches to switches, for example.
Define the function of a T1 crossover cable. In rare instances, you may have the need to
run a cable between two CSU/DSUs. 
In that case, you will need a T1 crossover cable. A T1
cable uses pairs 1 and 2, so to connect two T1 CSU/DSU devices back-to-back requires a
crossover cable that swap
1. Which UTP wiring uses four twisted wire pairs (eight wires) and is rated for 250 MHz?
2. The point at which the operational control or ownership changes from your company to a
service provider is referred to as .
3. Which type of cable will you use to connect two switches to each other?
4. Which RG rating of coax is used for cable modems?
86 Chapter 3 ■ Networking Topologies, Connectors, and Wiring Standards
5. Which UTP uses four twisted wire pairs (eight wires), is rated for 100 MHz, and is capable
of handling the disturbance on each pair caused by transmitting on all four pairs at the
same time?
6. You want to connect a host to a switch port. What type of Ethernet cable will you use?
7. In what instance would you use T1 crossover cable?
8. T568A uses which pins to make a connection?
9. A crossover uses which pins to make a connection?
10. What are two advantages of fiber-optic cabling? 
